Dragging and Dropping Datasets with members bug fix (#3626)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where dragging and dropping datasets across LPARs resulted in silent failure. [#3542](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3542)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where dragging and dropping data sets across LPARs resulted in silent failure. [#3542](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3542)
```
